If you need to change the number formatting on your values field,
you're able to do that using multiple ways.
So one way is to go to your values field here,
which is the submission of sales in this case under Submission of Values section here.
So you click on this arrow and then there is value field settings and then you click on
number format and you're able to change the formatting of your number here.
So this is the sales amount.
It should be in dollars.
So I'll press on currency here and I'll choose United States dollars for examples of
English.
United States are most of the distant places are click OK,
click OK again.
As you can see here,
the values field formatting has changed.
Alternatively,
you can right click here on any cell on the values field,
and then there is value field settings here,
and this leads you to the same option.
So this is how you can change the number format for you values field.
Another way to do it is to press control and one on your keyboard,
and you will get also to the same dialog box here pushes for number formatting.
And also,
if you need to learn more about number formatting and creating custom number four months,
you can check the video on my YouTube channel.
I'll leave the link in The Resource is section If you'd like to check that 45 minute in
depth video about custom number formatting,
So thanks for watching guys I'll see on the next one.